we're just in the van take a look it's
not really the best day for a miserable
but I reckon they could be quite popular
I would charge a premium with a flake
two pounds is that okay we're at
Wimbledon common you set the van up here
Rob's really worried about the police
turning up we have put up cardboard
there thank you very obvious human
ice-cream for sale the implication being
has come from her breasts just gonna go
out to common now try and get some
people to taste our very own organic
humanoid
we're selling a new form of ice cream
over there this breast milk ice cream
it's breast milk ice cream guys you want
to try it give it a try my friend penny
no she's not here sniffing after her
baby yeah personally I think it might
taste a lil egg before you can because
we're tryna black a million pound
pretty well actually
oh look how well breast milk compared to
me tastes yeah I would buy this yeah
well an oyster yeah well I'll give you
yeah give you an oyster just stick a
little flake in it this is right
this is breast milk ice cream you're
fuckin broken tonight
well juice is closed
no wonder me oh no no honestly is it
noise I just can't get the breast milk
out of my head to be quiet
thank you so much enjoy that's brilliant
you just went in threw it away